Now let's add a back end to our next ep.
And as I said for now I will use a third party back in or not necessarily for a party.
Put your own back and.
But living on a different server than the server we used to render our next app all use firebase which
is a service a service service where I don't have to manage to serve a set up which is free for the
amount of use which will happen this course we could check out the pricing to find out more and see
if your plan usage such also is within the free plan.
And then you can simply create a console with your Google accounts and make sure to create one and log
in there you can add a new project I'll name mine.
Next block pick your location.
This does not affect the pricing and clicked create.
This will give you a new firebase project.
I won't dive deeply into firebase in this course.
It's not a firebase course I just use it because it's a simple to get started back and which will also
allow us to later implement authentication.
Now for now I just want to use one main feature and that's that database.
So click on database on the console that opened and in there you have the choice between two databases.
I'll use the real time database which is the older and longer existing database.
Firebase has no end there.
You simply sent HTP requests to dead end point or two sub end points which reflect this structure of
data you have in the database eventually to store and get data.
For now I'll go to the rules tab first and there you should set both read and write access to true will
later change just one.
We added authentication.
But for now we want to enable everyone to read and write data.
These are of course not settings you want to have in production but for now to get started quickly that's
great.
And now I want to be able to store data and fetch data.
We'll start with storing data in the next lecture because it's often easier to fetch data.